Standalone gateway package (#1239)
grpc-ecosystem/grpc-gateway: README.md

   ```

   It will generate a reverse proxy `gen/go/your/service/v1/your_service.pb.gw.go`.

>    
>    OR generate standalone reverse-proxy if needed
> 
>    Suppose you have once generated gRPC stub package, and you want to deploy several
>    client-specific api gateways. You can generate grpc-gateway which imports that stub as external 
>    package, so you don't have to re-generate it several times.
>    To set import path of the used stub package you can set its full path in the go_package option
>    or use import_prefix flag.
>    
>    ```sh
>    protoc -I. --grpc-gateway_out=logtostderr=true,grpc_api_configuration=apiOne.yaml,paths=source_relative,standalone=true:gatewayOne \
>      your/service/v1/your_service.proto
> 
>    protoc -I. --grpc-gateway_out=logtostderr=true,grpc_api_configuration=apiTwo.yaml,paths=source_relative,standalone=true:gatewayTwo \
>      your/service/v1/your_service.proto
>    ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   
   OR generate a standalone reverse-proxy if needed.

   Suppose you have a generated gRPC stub package, and you want to deploy several
   API gateways using client-specific
   [YAML annotations](https://grpc-ecosystem.github.io/grpc-gateway/docs/grpcapiconfiguration.html).
   You can generate a grpc-gateway which imports the stub as an external 
   package, so you don't have to regenerate it several times.
   To set the import path of the stub package, set its full path in the `go_package`.
   
   ```sh
   protoc -I. --grpc-gateway_out=logtostderr=true,grpc_api_configuration=apiOne.yaml,paths=source_relative,standalone=true:./gen/go/client_one \
     your/service/v1/your_service.proto

   protoc -I. --grpc-gateway_out=logtostderr=true,grpc_api_configuration=apiTwo.yaml,paths=source_relative,standalone=true:./gen/go/client_two \
     your/service/v1/your_service.proto
   ```
```
